Better document guarantees provided by par iter API (#6726)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/iter.rst

    >>> ray.get([do_sum.remote(s) for s in it.shards()])
    [5552778, 16661667, 27780555]

Semantic Guarantees
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The parallel iterator API guarantees the following semantics:

**Fetch ordering**: When using ``it.gather_sync().foreach(fn)`` or
``it.gather_async().foreach(fn)`` (or any other transformation after a gather),

> it is guaranteed that ``fn(x_i)`` will be called on the element ``x_i`` before the next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``fn(x_i)`` will be called on the element ``x_i`` before the next
```

element ``x_{i+1}`` is fetched from the source actor. This is useful if you need to
update the source actor between iterator steps. Note that for async gather, this
ordering only applies per shard.

> **Operator state**: It is guaranteed that operator state is preserved for each shard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Operator state**: Operator state is preserved for each shard. This means that you can pass a stateful callable to ``.foreach()``:
```
